update readme with code minimally (#287)
pyt-team/TopoModelX: README.md

</div>

![tnns_network_with_layers](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8267869/234084036-f7d6585e-b7c2-4156-a825-cfa5b9658d71.png)

`TopoModelX` (TMX) is a Python module for topological deep learning. It offers simple and efficient tools to implement topological neural networks for science and engineering.

_**Note:** TMX is still under development._

## Quick Tour for New Users

In this quick tour, we highlight the ease of creating and training a TNN model with only a few lines of code.

#Train your own TNN model

Below is a minimal example of using TopoModelX to load a simplicial complex dataset, define a simplicial attention network (SAN), and perform a forward pass:

```bash
import numpy as np
import torch

> from topomodelx.datasets.graph import karate_club
> from topomodelx.nn.simplicial.san import SAN
> from topomodelx.utils.sparse import from_sparse
> 
> # Step 1: Load the Karate Club dataset
> dataset = karate_club(complex_type="simplicial")

Reviewer: `karate_club` is not part of TopoModelX but TopoNetX.

```suggestion
import toponetx as tnx
from topomodelx.nn.simplicial.san import SAN
from topomodelx.utils.sparse import from_sparse

# Step 1: Load the Karate Club dataset
dataset = tnx.karate_club(complex_type="simplicial")
```
